Remove `getFlatpickrRef` and `appendDataInput`, update flatpickr to 4.6.6 (#514)
shipshapecode/ember-flatpickr: tests/dummy/app/templates/docs/usage.md

## flatpickrRef

If you need to interact directly with the flatpickr instance you have created inside the component, you can use the action `onReady` as `onReady={{this.onReady}}`. The function signature of your onReady callback should look like the following example:

```javascript
@action
onReady(_selectedDates, _dateStr, instance) {
  this.flatpickrRef = instance;
};
```

This action will only get called once per instance and that is when the flatpickr input has been fully created.

> Once you have stored the instance, you can then do things like `this.get('myFlatpickrRefName').close()` to close the datepicker, if you wanted to make a close button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have stored the instance, you can then do things like `this.flatpickrRef.close()` to close the datepicker, if you wanted to make a close button.
```
